Okay, so, the next task now is
to get these schedule items to be individually linkable,
so I'm gonna create a new page,
and it's gonna be export default
and we're gonna render the session, okay,
so import session from, oops
What should we call it?
Session seems obvious.
Import session from components session, okay.
And we are going to expect the session
to appear somehow on our props,
and we're gonna just return out the session component,
or we need the layout rather.
Layout and then session and we're gonna spread session.
There we go.
And let's import, import, import layout.
Okay, so we need to somehow get
these individual items into our page.
So let's have a look at our index,
and let's log out the schedule,
because inside of here, these schedule items is a slug.
So if we just bring out the console.
Oops. Oh, didn't like that.
Oh, I'm not running my server.
Let's go off to, back to the server
and get it running again.
Training npm run mock api.
Okay, so it's back and up and running.
And I just wanted to look at the console,
and if we look at these logs, we can see slug
and that's what we're gonna use to load the session.
So we're gonna do session question mark slug equals, bosh
Okay, so nothing happens here
because our session page doesn't do anything.
It doesn't complain because it's an empty object
that's being spread, good deal.
But what we need to do is somehow
get the individual schedule,
so this local host 3001 has a schedule object
and I can do slug equals, slug like that,
and it'll give me an array with the response.
Really I want the, if it was a proper api,
then it would return that single object,
but it will do for the time being.
Well, though, I actually think it's doing a filter.
Anyway, so, what we're gonna do is add
get initial props to our session,
and we're gonna change this
to be called const session page equals,
and export default session page,
and we're gonna put this in here
session page, and we're gonna do
just question mark slug equals and then that slug.
And I'm gonna do session schedule, oh my gosh,
auto complete is doing me in.
There we go.
Right, so let's have a look at that.
Does that work for our needs?
Okay, kind of working, alright. Sort of working.
Except, you know, it doesn't go to any other,
it's hard coded, but we'll come back to that in a moment.
Let's make all of these, let's make them linkable, okay?
So, h2 link href equals slug.
Make that an anchor. There we go.
Let's import our link from next.
And let's capture this slug as well.
Okay, so these are all now clickable,
but they don't work because we're going to the wrong place.
That was the wrong location.
You'll want it to go to session slug equals slug, okay?
So fix that.
Okay, so we're getting there sort of.
Now this is where we look at get initial props
and the arguments that go in.
So if we have a look.
So this is all documented in next documentation,
but these are, there's a single object that gets passed in,
and these are all the properties inside of that object,
and the one that we're interested in is query, okay?
So query is gonna be in here.
Query and I'm just gonna log it out for the time being.
Okay.
And let's go back home. Right over there.
Let's see, slug equals,
if you're going to wear standards in your hair.
So, we're going to swap this bit out.
We're going to use a string template.
And then we're gonna pass in query.slug.
And hit site. So let's go back.
There we go.
So now, let's just get rid
of those console logs that we don't need.
So now we are capturing the query on the page
and let's just check this works on the service side as well.
Yep, so a hard refresh is service-side rendering
that schedule item.
Okay, and when the component is being rendered,
it's calling the get initial props,
both on service side and client side.
The query is being passed on the URL,
and we're using the slug property
that is in that query to be part of our APR request,
and then we're returning that individual session
that we're interested in.
Now, this detail session page would include things
like the speaker, the buyer, and so on.
But we can also see that
that same URL again is service-side rendered.
We do lynx dump.
We can see that real content, real kinda spiderable content.
That's a word. But very cool, basically.
So, we have URLs working, right?
We have it working on a service side and a client side.
What about if we wanted it to be session slash,
'cause you know, it's not,
this URL is not the end of the world,
but it'd be nice if it were slash and it could parse that.
We can do that, and we'll look at that in the next video.